Jony Ive: For
more than a decade,
our intention has been to create
an iPhone that is all display.
A physical object that
disappears into the experience.
♪ Music playing ♪
This is iPhone X.
♪
Developing the form
and display together
defines a whole new integration,
making the boundary between
the device and the screen
hard to discern.
The custom OLED panel
was engineered to fold
and seamlessly combine with
the external surfaces.
Mechanical buttons give way
to touch and gestures.
There's no Home button.
A single swipe takes you
to the Home screen.
A more responsive touch system
means the gestures in iOS 11
are more fluid.
♪
The polished
stainless steel band
reinforces the water-resistant,
all glass design.
This new glass formulation,
the most durable ever
in a smartphone,
enables, for the first time,
wireless charging.
Our new TrueDepth camera system,
contained within
this tiny space,
uses extraordinary
depth sensing technology
to let you unlock your phone
with a glance.
♪
We call this FaceID.
It maps the unique
geometry of your face
with over 30,000 invisible dots.
This data is analyzed
by the neural engine
on the A11 bionic chip,
the first of its kind.
Your iPhone now
recognizes you,
even in the dark, and will
adapt to your physical changes.
This makes your face
your secure password.
So with just a look,
you can authenticate your phone
or use Apple Pay.
The TrueDepth camera also
enables new experiences.
Like bringing emojis to life
by mapping more than 50
facial muscles in real time.
So you can be happy,
or sad,
or cross.
♪
Both the front-
and rear-facing cameras
now have Portrait Mode.
And for the first time,
you can actually
define the light in a scene.
Based on fundamental
photographic principles,
Portrait lighting
produces the effect
of real studio lighting.
On the back,
the dual camera system
is completely redesigned.
It's made even smarter
by the A11 bionic chip.
With machine learning,
the camera detects
elements in the scene
to optimize the image
before the photo is even taken.
The camera we use every day
now delivers so much more.
And as iOS becomes
the world's largest platform
for augmented reality,
it will redefine
what's possible.
♪
This is iPhone X.